otro día off. fuimos a comprar faso a lo de yachin. primero fui a mandar cosas a ravi de deakin o'week para que me contraten. el invoice y toda la saraza.

luego fuimos donde yachin. fuimos con el hugo. primero a buscar guita a un atm y ahí compramos una birra para brekear el de 50.-tomamos birra y tram. el 86 y luego el 96. llegamos a lo de yachin y subimos. faseamos. el hugo se siente mal. dice que quiere vomitar. le digo anda al baño. en el camino se desamaya. el yachin se levanta y dice "pero pará flaco, que te pasa" yo frekeo un toque. el hugo está en el suelo y casi estrangulado por su propia carterita. tiene atorado el cuello dentro de la cinta de la cartera que quedó colgando del picaporte de la puerta, me cago en dios casi se ahorca.el yachin le da agua saborizada. una manzana cortó pero el loco no comió. luego nos dio el faso y nos fuimos. jah la historia del día.

de ahí me fui a comer con iuno. nos encontramos en oppa. el loco tiene re pocas maletas. copado. fuimos a un japo restaurant en melbourne central pero no copó tanto. tendríamos que haber ido a oppa. yo me dormía mal. fuimos a comer un helado a mcd. en el almuerzo no hablamos demasiado. somos como una pareja casados hace bocha, ya ni hablamos. fuimos a mcd a book el pasaje de bangkok a praga. el iuno encontró uno a 345!! omg that is so cheap. lo sacamos, bien ahí. luego despedida. yo me fui a casa a dormir. me hice una siesta divina. luego me fui a la cita con karalee. omg!!la pasé a buscar, luego de ahí al rooftop bar. bien. nos sentamos medio weird e incómodo. no era super comfy como dijo james social coach en su vide que le gustaba a el. ahí hablamos, tomamos things. we connected. escribí esto en the attractionforums y ahora lo voy a pegar así no tipeo todo de nuevo:

---

Hey there guys, i am posting my latest (failed?) date so i can get some feedback from you.

I met this cute chic working at a store. We kinda connect. The next time i went to the shop she saw me and blushed. I thought this was an IOI but did nothing. I got her digits the third time i went there. We set a date. We went out on a date. 

I met her at her workplace and went to a rooftop bar. We enjoyed a drink and chitchat. I did some light kino, i looked at her eyes-lips-eyes, etc. We were there for like an hour. We connected on various topics. Among them, drugs.I suggest we smoke a joint in a park nearby. We go to the park, we continue having a good time. We smoke the joint. At one moment my kino was more constant and it felt good, i was building momentum, or so i thought. I stare at her eyes very directly and with intent, she breaks eye contact and comes back, i keep locking her in, she breaks again and when she looks at me again i go in for the kiss. We start kissing very lightly and kind of teenargerly. This went on for some minutes. After we kiss she kind of giggled or something. Like feeling guilty or i don't know what. After the kissing ended we went back to conversation like nothing happened. And then some minutes later i re-initiated the kissing. She ended it both times. After the second time, she's like "I HAVE TO GO", and basically ENDS it. I was like WTF and could not react very much to the situation.

She says it's getting late and she has to get dinner and work. It was difficult for me to react because i was thinking we were actually building something. Apparently i was the only one thinking that? I am there rather speechless and she says "shall we?" and i walk her to the train station. On the way she asks how old i am. I say "oh that does not matter". She says "i don't really care about age differences, but how old are you?" and said the truth which is 39. Then i finally ask "Is there anything wrong?" and she says i moved too fast. I was going too fast,she said.

By the way she is 21 and apparently bi-sexual. In the bar she told me that her friend had recently visited her and that more than a friend she was her love. I asked "are you bi?" and said yes. After saying i was moving too fast she added that she had recently fallen out of love with her friend and she was in a weird moment. She also added that she had truly enjoyed the time with me. When we said goodbye at the station she said "i'll talk to you soon".

Did i fuck it up? Did she not like my kisses? WTF??

Thanks mates.

---

luego me fui a casa y seguí faseando. hablé con los cabros franceses. les conté lo sucedido. had some quick dinner, una pajita, y a dormir. esta no es la primer pajita que me hago eh, me hice una la semana pasada or something. eyaculé como the decorator.